oh I've been moving stuff into the new
livid lobster Studios painting and
organizing all day every day my body
says I'm tired please go to bed but I
say not too tired for some awesome tech
news I'm Cali Lewis welcome to keep TV
this episode of the geek beat TV is
brought to you by jackthreads everyone
knows just how crazy and brilliant
Richard Branson is he never seems to do
anything small these days he's working
on a couple major projects version is
conquered air travel up to 40,000 feet
soon it'll be conquering both space and
the oceans the BBC is the first to get a
sneak peek at Virgin Galactic's
SpaceShipTwo a vehicle that will
transport not only scientists but also
you to space as within a virgin vehicle
the technology inside is impressive it's
bigger than spaceship one about twice
the size and will hold six people in
addition to the two pilots the vehicle
is made out of carbon composite and has
a hybrid rocket motor instead of the
normal space ships were used to that
start on the ground and zoom upwards of
the space the spaceship two starts out
like a normal plane it takes off from
the runway but once it's at 50,000 feet
the spaceship then detaches and launches
into space this way safer and requires
less weight to been trying to launch
from the ground as choice points out
there are more windows on Virgin
Galactic than on any other space vehicle
we've seen so you can rest assured
you'll get a good view for your two
hundred thousand dollar price tag if you
have twenty thousand dollars right now
you can go ahead and reserve a spot I'm
going to get right on that and they're
also working on version oceanic to dive
deep down to the bottom of the ocean or
oceans i should say for now it seems to
be primarily for scientific research but
i don't think Richard can keep the
public out of his projects so I expect
to hear in the not-too-distant future
that they're making it possible to send
you to the bottom of the ocean as well
Toshiba's working hard to make 2d to 3d
conversion happen smoothly and reliably
they just announced a new line of hdtvs
the 55 zl1 has a seven-course Eva's CPU
that can supposedly do 2d to 3d
conversion on the fly it also has a face
recognition for
let's say you have four people in your
family hbu can save your personal
preferences favorite channels recorded
videos whatever when you sit down in
front of the TV it'll do its magic and
pull up your settings each of you can
have your own now I assume whoever sits
down first will be the one in control
but that remains to be seen it will be
available later this year in 42 46 and
55-inch options doing what we do around
here at livid lobster lots and lots of
video we're constantly looking at SETI
cams they're very cool in my opinion at
least very useful and a good one is
super expensive on the flip side of
video almost all of you are probably
using your phones from time to time to
record video that you can then share on
Facebook or YouTube having cameras in
our phones is great and makes video
accessible but sometimes that shakiness
is just terrible steadicam pro is an
iphone 4 application that aims to fix
that issue instead of carrying around a
physical Steadicam they're fixing it
while you shoot on the fly it looks like
it works well but I haven't tried it
myself and don't have that fancy iphone
4 there is a free version that gives you
a 15-second watermark to video the paid
version is 3 box regardless geekbeat TV
/ Steadicam pro with a why we'll get you
right to the download page are you like
me and don't particularly love the whole
shopping process I don't blame you
that's why Jackthreads exists it's a
members only online shopping club that
does the dirty work for you and saves
you a boatload of cash jackthreads gives
you the hottest brands at up to eighty
percent off of what you could get fourth
in the store it's private and members
only but I've got your back go to jack
threads.com slash ain't beat and you'll
get right in it's free a company called
robot pet combined two awesome things
robots and media center pcs ready is an
adorable little thing that talks to you
makes faces and most importantly serves
up and plays your media files
specialty chemical sector were present
Digimon because a very fair to say it
was you not fancy but she's you know
they say but yes in there the whole book
like that it is alright the guadagnino
can I have a panel situated on you
should put it back on in a political
family are so here the food is the fair
they go last if you're free soccer begin
to lose out on me never to break out of
state for red salsa kata matus net
anarkali stuff north on cannot be back
here Polly yeah there they gave us now I
can have a little company while watching
the entertainment of my choice though I
might wind up only paying attention to
the cute little ready they are planning
on selling this thing but no word on
when or how much you'll be we have more
pictures and video from the new studio
coming soon best way to catch it all is
on our newsletter geekbeat TV / sign up
thanks to those of you who tell your
friends to subscribe to keep beat TV I
appreciate you and don't forget you can
see me in targets all across America I'm
Cali Lewis by it takes off from the
runway but once it's a 50 feet the
spaceship is then detaches and launches
into space that's ok that's a 50 feet
thank you make a mess that's gonna make
a major mess of 50 feet yeah